-------------------------------
BizHawk.Emulation Project Notes
-------------------------------

1) Please keep this project free of non-portable external references. 
   Windows.Forms should not be referenced, nor System.Windows.Drawing, nor XNA, nor SlimDX, etc.
   This project should be very close to vanilla C# consisting primarily of basic data manipulation.
   
2) If you want to include ie Winforms code for something such as a debugger, this should be placed in
   a separate project. That project does not yet exist at the time of this writing. If you are creating
   a debugger, please talk to me (vecna) and we'll figure out the right place to put it.
   
3) The current plan is that all actual emulation cores go in this assembly.
   At least one reason for this is that .NET will not inline calls across assemblies.
   At this time, please do not separate emulation into multiple assemblies - this is negotiable, but
   for now this is the plan.

4) IEmulator exposes a DeterministicEmulation property. When enabled, a well-behaving core must
   use strictly deterministic (TAS-safe, not having de-syncs) emulation, regardless of the performance cost.
   When disabled, the core is free to take whatever shortcuts it deems reasonable for performance.
   
   Note that in many cases, frameskipping will not be possible in Deterministic mode. In that case the 
   client should still be free to request a frameskip, but the core will ignore this request and do a full 
   frame execution.
   
   Deterministic means exactly that, no more, no less; it's not a synonym for 'max emulation quality'.
      
5) Classes should default sealed. Make unsealed only if the class is _designed for inheritance_.

6) For GENERATED CPUs, DO NOT UPDATE THE GENERATED FILES DIRECTLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   Open the CpuCoreGenerator solution and make your changes there. Run the program to regenerate your cpus.
   CpuCoreGenerator is a separate solution and it may not be obvious that it is there.

7) The new new plan is really for cores to be native. Which was actually the original plan.
   Note that native doesn't _necessarily_ mean C++.

---------------
Emulation Notes
---------------

1) I'm not super happy with the IController interfaces. If someone has suggestions on how they could be 
   improved, I'm all for it. Although API changes would break all emulators, controls are typically pretty
   simple to update.
   
2) Various improvements to ISoundProvider, IVideoProvider, and IEmulator are under consideration.
   Feedback is appreciated.
   
   ISoundProvider:
    * Current implementations generate garbage on each frame, although the API does not _require_
      garbage to be created, it encourages it because you cannot provide a large buffer and specify 
      a smaller number of samples to fill. Also the BufferAsync generates garbage and probably the 
      SoundMixer. It's not really clear to me how much of a problem generating garbage is on PC.
     
   IVideoProvider:
    * Some hints about different aspect ratios and non-square pixels could be useful.
    * For some arcades, screen rotations could be important, but we could assign this to be
      the responsibility of the emulator/video provider rather than the blitter.
    * I suppose NTSC/PAL (ie: target fps) could be useful also.
   
   IEmulator:
    * IEmulator should provide metadata about what Options it recognizes.
    * Possibly, a lot of the metadata type functions should be removed from IEmulator and added to new
      interface (such as IConsole, IArcade, IComputer, whatever)